`on` does not prevent default like `action` did (#1385)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/upgrading/current-edition/action-on-and-fn.md

}
```

<div class="cta">
  <div class="cta-note">
    <div class="cta-note-body">
      <div class="cta-note-heading">Zoey says...</div>
      <div class="cta-note-message">

>         The `{{action}}` modifier called `event.preventDefault()` under the hood, but the `{{on}}` modifier does not, so if you need to do anything other than the default action for a particular event, you must call `event.preventDefault` within the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The <code>{{action}}</code> modifier called <code>event.preventDefault()</code> under the hood, but the <code>{{on}}</code> modifier does not, so if you need to do anything other than the default action for a particular event, you must call <code>event.preventDefault</code> within the action.
```

}
```

> Note that the `{{action}}` modifier called `event.preventDefault()` under the hood, but the `{{on}}` modifier does not, so if you need to do anything other than the default action for a particular event, you must call `event.preventDefault` within the action. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div class="cta">
  <div class="cta-note">
    <div class="cta-note-body">
      <div class="cta-note-heading">Zoey says...</div>
      <div class="cta-note-message">
        The `{{action}}` modifier called `event.preventDefault()` under the hood, but the `{{on}}` modifier does not, so if you need to do anything other than the default action for a particular event, you must call `event.preventDefault` within the action.
      </div>
    </div>
    <img src="/images/mascots/zoey.png" role="presentation" alt="Ember Mascot">
  </div>
</div> 
```
